---
title: bin
---

### Introduction
CLI module. Only used in the development environment.

#### Configuration File

See tutorial: [**Development Configuration**](/00.docs/010.getting-started/050.config/01.dev-config)
```bash
./cmd/bin.js
```

### API List

### dev
- serve - 'frontend' | 'electron'

Start mode, `frontend` for frontend; `electron` for main process; when empty, both start. See bin configuration for more details.

```bash
ee-bin dev
ee-bin dev --serve=frontend
ee-bin dev --serve=electron
```

### build
Build frontend, go, or custom commands. See bin configuration for more details.

```bash
ee-bin build --cmds=frontend
ee-bin build --cmds=go_build_w
ee-bin build --cmds=go_build_m
ee-bin build --cmds=go_build_l
```

### start
Pre-release mode (environment variable: prod). Use this mode to test program functionality before building the executable.

```bash
ee-bin start
```

### move

Move frontend, go, configuration, and other static resources to the specified directory for production use.

Custom parameters are supported. See bin configuration for more details.

```bash
ee-bin move --flag=frontend_dist
ee-bin move --flag=go_static,go_config,go_package,go_images
```

### encrypt

- out - Output directory for encrypted files, default: ./public

Encrypt the `/public/electron` directory.

The electron directory code is not bundled, preventing source code leakage.
```bash
ee-bin encrypt
```

### clean
- dir - Directory to delete, default: ./public/electron

Clean encrypted code (the `/public/electron` directory)
```bash
ee-bin clean
ee-bin clean --dir ./public/electron
```

### icon
- -i/-input : Image path to process (default: /public/images/logo.png)
- -o/-output: Output path (default: /build/icons/)
- -s/-size: Resource sizes to generate (default: 16,32,64,256,512)
- -c : Clear .ico and .png files in the output path before processing
- -img/-images: Path for generated win window icons/tray images (default: /public/images/)

Among the -s sizes, 16 is processed as `tray.png` and 32 as `logo-32.png`

Generate multiple size images from the original image in one click and copy them to the specified directory.

```bash
# Install dependency
npm install icon-gen -D

# command
ee-bin icon
```

::: tip Note
If the dependency installation fails, please use [Other Software](/00.docs/030.build-software/030.icon-modification)
:::